added swift + objective-c example to implementation guide (#19)
multipath-tcp/mptcp.dev: implementation-ios.md

 To establish a MPTCP connection, you simply have to tweak a bit the configuration used to create the `(NS)URLSession` object. 

1. Create an `(NS)URLSessionConfiguration` object, typically by using the `default` configuration. 
2. Select the type of service you want. Available types are:

    | Type of service       | Description         | 
    |:-------------|:------------------|
    | None     |The default service type indicating that Multipath TCP should not be used.|
    | Handover |A Multipath TCP service that provides seamless handover between Wi-Fi and cellular in order to preserve the connection.|
    | Interactive |A service whereby Multipath TCP attempts to use the lowest-latency interface.|
    | Aggregate   |A service that aggregates the capacities of other Multipath options in an attempt to increase throughput and minimize latency.|

>     {: .note }

Reviewer: I don't think we need a `note` in blue for that, the following are just links to the official doc.

>     Source for available types of service: [here](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/foundation/nsurlsessionmultipathservicetype) for `NSURLSession` and [here](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/foundation/urlsessionconfiguration/2875967-multipathservicetype) for `URLSession`

Reviewer: First swift and shorter:

```suggestion
    Official documentation:
    [`URLSession`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/foundation/urlsessionconfiguration/2875967-multipathservicetype) and
    [`NSURLSession`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/foundation/nsurlsessionmultipathservicetype)
```

> 3. Set the `multipathServiceType` property of this configuration to the selected type of service. The value is simply `NSURLSessionMultipathServiceType${MODE_NAME}` for `NSURLSession`, and `.{MODE_NAME_LOWER}` for `URLSession`. For example, if we want to use the handover mode, we should pass `NSURLSessionMultipathServiceTypeHandover` to `NSURLSession`, and `.handover` to `URLSession`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Associate the selected service type to the `multipathServiceType` property. The value is `.<type>` for `URLSession`, or  `NSURLSessionMultipathServiceType<TYPE>` for `NSURLSession`, e.g. for the _Handover_ type, pass  `.handover` (`URLSession`) or `NSURLSessionMultipathServiceTypeHandover` (`NSURLSession`)
```

4. Create the `(NS)URLSession` by passing in the configuration to the constructor. From now on, every request done with this session should use MPTCP, if the server supports it.
   

> {: .info }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{: .warning }
```

> To enable the aggregate type of service, you'll probably also need to add the [MPTCP entitlement](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/foundation/urlsessionconfiguration/improving_network_reliability_using_multipath_tcp) to your app. For the other modes, they seem to work fine, even without this additional step, but the aggregate one crashes if you don't set it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To be able to enable the _Aggregate_ service type, it is required to add the [MPTCP entitlement](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/foundation/urlsessionconfiguration/improving_network_reliability_using_multipath_tcp) to the app not to have an error when picking it. For the other modes, no additional steps are required.
```

> {: .warning }

Reviewer: I think it is best to limit the number of info boxes, otherwise they no longer make sense. For the note below, either include it in the box above, or no box.

> The `(NS)URLSession` API is also available on macOS, but you won't be able to set the `multipathServiceType` in the configuration. There is thus no possible way to enable MPTCP with `(NS)URLSession` on macOS yet (though other possibilities exist, see [the FAQ](/faq.html) for more details)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `(NS)URLSession` API is also available on macOS, but it is no possible to set any `multipathServiceType`. There is thus not possible to enable MPTCP with `(NS)URLSession` on macOS yet.
```

With the method from the FAQ, we can create an MPTCP connection, but we cannot use multiple subflows. I didn't check myself, do not hesitate to try if you want, by using this modified version of cURL: https://github.com/matttbe/curl/tree/mptcp-macOS (`mptcp-macOS`) branch.

Author: I think I expressed myself badly, I wanted to say that, using the `(NS)URLSession` API, it is not possible to use MPTCP on macOS, even though it is possible to use it with other languages (C for example)

Reviewer: > even though it is possible to use it with other languages (C for example)

Yes, in C it is possible, but only one path. For a multipath protocol, that's a bit annoying :)

Author: Indeed :D

Reviewer: Oh, I was only thinking about the technique in C with `connectx()` which doesn't seem to be enough to use MPTCP. But maybe you were talking about their [Network framework](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/network)? I guess that's what is being used with [SSH](https://github.com/apple-oss-distributions/OpenSSH/blob/9b6202341ee10b42e7391229ad5c0f2eb8aea8af/openssh/sshconnect.c#L487-L489) on Apple devices (`--applemultipath`?), and it is more something for laptops, than for iOS.

If it works on macOS, maybe we should rename this page macOS, and have an introduction, saying that there are some code specifics for iOS, that works only there, then a first section for iOS, then for macOS with an example in C? WDYT?

## Examples in different languages

For more detailed examples, please see this [Git
repository](https://github.com/mptcp-apps/mptcp-hello/). Do not hesitate to
contribute here and there!

<details markdown="block">

> <summary>Example in Objective-C </summary>

Reviewer: can you put the example in Swift first? (I understood it was the recommended language now)

> `multipathServiceType` support has been added
> since [iOS 11.0](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/foundation/nsurlsessionconfiguration/2875967-multipathservicetype)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`multipathServiceType` support has been added in
[iOS 11.0](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/foundation/nsurlsessionconfiguration/2875967-multipathservicetype).
```

```objc
#import <Foundation/Foundation.h>

NSURLSessionConfiguration *conf = [NSURLSessionConfiguration defaultSessionConfiguration];

> // we can choose other modes here, select .handover by default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Handover mode: Other types can be selected
```

conf.multipathServiceType = NSURLSessionMultipathServiceTypeHandover;

NSURLSession *session = [NSURLSession sessionWithConfiguration:conf];
```
</details> {: .ctsm}

<details markdown="block">
<summary>Example in Swift </summary>

> `multipathServiceType` support has been added
> since [iOS 11.0](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/foundation/urlsessionconfiguration/2875967-multipathservicetype)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`multipathServiceType` support has been added in
[iOS 11.0](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/foundation/urlsessionconfiguration/2875967-multipathservicetype).
```

```swift
import Foundation

var conf = URLSessionConfiguration.default

> // we can choose other modes here, select .handover by default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Handover mode: Other types can be selected
```

conf.multipathServiceType = .handover

let session = URLSession(configuration: conf)
```
</details> {: .ctsm}

<details markdown="block">
<summary>Example in Swift using Alamofire </summary>

```swift
import Foundation
import Alamofire

var conf = URLSessionConfiguration.default

> // we can choose other modes here, select .handover by default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Handover mode: Other types can be selected
```
